Oh, why is it so noisy?
Grandpa, get up, trash, grandpa, are you alright?
Grandpa, good boy.
You are back.
Grandpa, I'm back.
Grandpa, Aunt Shen, he just hit me
You fool
I can't even beat my own brother
Hey, the saying is useless
Grandpa
Do you know why I hit him?
Why did he say you were in a coma?
Life is coming soon
He actually touched Sister Ruoying
If the grandson hadn't arrived in time
What are the consequences?
If Yin is the adopted daughter brought back by the second child from outside
I have always regarded him as my own grandson
You listen to me write my vows
Shut up
You bastard
I Shen Guozhang I
How can there be such a beast grandson as you?
Drag him out, hang him, and beat him for three days and three nights
No, there's one more thing I don't know if I should say it or not
Say grandpa is in charge of you
Today, I came back to save you
But uncle, he keeps stopping me
Don't let me treat you
I am wronged